you sing the blues you don't have to
live them
what do you know white boy
chicago 1950 i want to thank all uh
linchess here for giving my water a
chance to shine
sex had a sound
danger had a rhythm what's that for
catching any good guys need to shoot
and freedom had
i don't based on true events
of the legends who changed music
again it don't forever no better mr
wallace we're big fans
we named our band after one of your
songs yeah
rolling stone baby don't stand no
cheating welcome to cadillac records
stay around long enough everybody get
one car's yours
you earned it you're my white daddy
[Music]
baby a woman came by today she said
she's yours
if i play it i make you famous and him
rich
you said me famous and i'm rich yes
if you take the ride you must pay the
price
[Music]
what the hell you know about the blues i
gave you a damn good track
you want it you think
[Music]
i don't need no man to take care of me
my lonely days
and life is like a song
oh yeah yeah
[Music]
you